upstream(ts-sdk): Add new router utilities to dapp-kit (#7599)
iotaledger/iota: .changeset/warm-parrots-flow.md

---
'@iota/dapp-kit': patch
---

> Add `getSuiClientQuery` to get the `queryOptions` config for usage with the `QueryClient` outside of React hooks. Added `useSuiClientSuspenseQuery` to support suspense-based data fetching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `getIotaClientQuery` to get the `queryOptions` config for usage with the `QueryClient` outside of React hooks. Added `useIotaClientSuspenseQuery` to support suspense-based data fetching.
```
